1)After the django installation check it works perfectly by the followeing command:
python -m django  --version

2)how to start django project : type in terminal the followeing command
django-admin startproject projectname

3)Navigate to the project directory
cd projectname

4)manage.py is like a control center for your Django project, letting you do things like start the
 website, create the database,and manage various parts of your web application.

 5)init.py is a blank file represent a python package

 6)setting.py : keep the high level setting of your django project
 settings.py is a configuration file in Django where you customize your
  web application's behavior and settings.

7)urls.py: is like a table of contents for your website,
 telling it which web pages to show when you type different addresses in your browser.
  
8)wsgi.py : it is the relaible way to host your website.


9)python manage.py runserver : is a command in Django that starts the development web server,
 allowing you to run your Django web application locally for testing and development purposes.

10) when a website exist in your brouser basically it is combination html,css and javascript.
behind this seen we need a backend system the care of it which content send at a particular time to html,css,javascript.
that system may be flask,django,pht,database.

example:in brouser you type www.facebook.com you send a request to the facebook server and say that give this
website what happen?
your request reach to the facebook server where the login page exist and the server check, is it correct to give the login page to 
user.yes it correct server give you the login page. then you give the credential like name,password and click login .
again you send request and facebook server check is there a user exist in the server.if exist user then server send you the whole data 
, actually it is the html,css,javascript. 

note:
which data send from the database to html,css,javascript and where to fix it in the html,css,javascript.
this is the main porpouse of a backend system.


11) save changes in initital.py file
 for this we use the bellow commmand 
-->python manage.py makemigrations app_name

after apply the above command you should save changes in the database. use the bellow command
python manage.py migrate


12) what is admin interface?
The Django admin interface is a user-friendly web page where you can manage and control your website's data without writing code.
 It's like a dashboard where you can easily add, edit, or delete content, like user profiles, blog posts, or products.

13) what is superuser?
A Django superuser is like the ultimate boss who can do anything in the Django admin area and control every part of the website or application.
Yes, a superuser primarily works in the admin area, which is a special section of a Django application used for managing content and settings. 
Superusers have full control and access to this admin area.

Django ORM:
Django ORM allows developers to work with databases using Python objects and methods,
 rather than writing raw SQL queries.
